1. Why should you indent the statements in the body of a loop? 
	By indenting the statements, you make them stand out from the surrounding code.This helps you to identify at a glance the statements that are conditionally executed by a loop.


2. Describe the difference between pretest loops and posttest loops
	A pretest loop tests its condition before each iteration. A posttest loop tests its condition after each iteration. A posttest loop will always execute at least once

3. Why are the statements in the body of a loop called conditionally executed
statements?
	Because they are only executed when a condition is true

4. What is the difference between the while loop and the do-while loop?
	The while loop is a pretest loop and the do-while loop is a posttest loop.

5. Which loop should you use in situations where you wish the loop to repeat until the
test expression is false, and the loop should not execute if the test expression is false to
begin with?
	The while loop

6. Which loop should you use in situations where you wish the loop to repeat until the
test expression is false, but the loop should execute at least one time?
	The do-while loop

7. Which loop should you use when you know the number of required iterations?
	The for loop.

8. Why is it critical that counter variables be properly initialized?
	A counter variable is used to control or keep track of the number of times a loop iterates. In a loop, the counter is usually incremented or decremented. If the counter variable is not properly initialized, it will not hold the correct number.

9. Why is it critical that accumulator variables be properly initialized?
	An accumulator is used to keep a running total of numbers. In a loop, a value is usually added to the current value of the accumulator. If it is not properly initialized, it will not contain the correct total.

10.Why should you be careful not to place a statement in the body of a for loop that
changes the value of the loop s counter variable?
	Because the for loop has an update expression that normally changes the contents of a counter. If you have code inside that loop that also changes the counter, the loop will not be able to properly control the value of the counter.

11. What header file do you need to include in a program that performs file operations?
	fstream

12. What data type do you use when you want to create a file stream object that can write data to a file?
	ifstream

13. When the increment or decrement operator is place before the operand (or to the operand's left), the operator is being used in __________ mode.
	prefix

14. Why should you close each program when you are finihsed using it?
	By closing a file, any unsaved data that is held in the buffer is
saved to its file. Also, when a program closes files that are no
longer being used, the files will not take up more of the operating
system's resources than necessary.

15. What is a fil's read position? Where is the read position when a file is first openend for reading?
	 When you write data to a file in append mode, the data is written to the end of the files existing contents

